Password Strength Tester with Flask
I will create code that tests the strength of a password inputted.
If password is too weak, it will recommend adding random special characters.
If password contains special characters, letters, capital letters, and numbers, it will return with verification that the password is strong.
This code will run in a flask webpage that asks for input and returns text for validation or recommendation.

Some code that will help me create a flask page look nice and run a simple input with test:
(I will be using the Flask Demo within D2L as a basis for my flask webpage)

-(I have found that the flask example given not only is the most thorough I can find compared to most github entries, but it is also
the easiest to follow and work around while learning how to maneuver flask. It also shares some design aspects I wish to implement
into my project, and they will come in handy.)

Some code that is similar to the logic I will be using in the password checker:
https://github.com/Caleb335/password-strenght.git

-(This code shares similar logic to what I will use for multiple different tests. Although this test mainly checks for password length, I
will be testing parameters like special characters, mix characters, numbers, along with length. The logic is similar, just with more steps.)

Some code that uses a very interesting points system to validate if passwords are strong or need work:
https://github.com/igos/passfun.git

-(I have found there are more than 5 ways I can set up my logic to decide if a password is strong, and this way looks the
most fun, but I would like to see if my original logic is sound first.)

Currently, I believe checking the length initially, then creating a list of the characters in the string and checking for diversity is a good solution

I may create a points system and implement it into the original logic I am planning on using.

Coding Day 1: I added my layout page, it is a simple html layout that will operate in tandem with the about, home, and css pages, and display a simple title.

Coding Day 2: Added home page of website that will host the password tester, taking input of passwords and will return password given and strength of password.

Coding Day 3: Added the about page. This page will be accessed through the menu bar at the top and will describe what the page does and who created it.

Coding day 4: Making intial changes to runable python code that creates the webpage and gives options, currently returns password given.

Coding day 5: Added initial css modifications to html in heading layout, page layout, and button layout

Coding day 6: Finishing up css file with header information and menu formatting


